patients too weak to be moved but their
loved ones won't leave them
behind Israel issued new orders to
evacuate parts of De balah forcing the
displacement of thousands of
Palestinians the Army warns it will
launch attacks against Hamas in areas
close to this Hospital its forces have
damaged multiple hospitals across the
strip since the start of the
war is's Willam was being treated for
injuries panicked he took her but says
he feels powerless to protect
her displacement again and again from
canun to ruer from ruer to nsat we went
back to our house in nid it they
attacked it and killed my brother I'm
her uncle her father and mother were
killed now I'm responsible for
her evacuation orders have come almost
daily shrinking so-called safe zones by
tens of kilometers each time the alaxa
hospital is the only functioning health
facility in the area a Lifeline for a
million people crammed into Central Gaza
it had also become a last refuge for the
displaced many Sheltering there for
months don't know where they'll sleep
tonight on the street imagine I'm with
my six kids on the streets we were
displaced four times from northern Gaza
from can yunas from Del Bala nobody's
taking care of us people want to live a
normal life people are looking for money
and instead they die on the
streets Health authorities in Gaza say
for now the hospital will keep running
but foreign medical staff told Al jazer
they have received calls from the
Israeli military they were told to leave
the facility for their own safety
something these patients are still too
helpless to do
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer